Added line to StatefulSet documentation clarifying the need for a suitable pre-existing PersistentVolume. (#45373)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/statefulset.md

## Limitations

* The storage for a given Pod must either be provisioned by a
  [PersistentVolume Provisioner](/docs/concepts/storage/dynamic-provisioning/) ([examples here](https://github.com/kubernetes/examples/tree/master/staging/persistent-volume-provisioning/README.md))

>   based on the requested `storage class`, or pre-provisioned by an admin.

Reviewer: Let's align to our style guide here so the rest of the file can also follow it:
```suggestion
  based on the requested _storage class_, or pre-provisioned by an admin.
```

Author: Why italics here instead of camel case?

Reviewer: In this location, we're introducing the concept, not the API kind.

### Volume Claim Templates

You can set the `.spec.volumeClaimTemplates` field to create a
[PersistentVolumeClaim](/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes/). 
This will provide stable storage to the StatefulSet if either

> * The specified `storage class` is set up to use [dynamic

Reviewer: ```suggestion

* The StorageClass specified for the volume claim is set up to use [dynamic
```

  provisioning](/docs/concepts/storage/dynamic-provisioning/), or

> * The cluster already contains a PersistentVolume with the correct `storage class`

Reviewer: Try this:
```suggestion
* The cluster already contains a PersistentVolume with the correct StorageClass
```

### Volume Claim Templates

You can set the `.spec.volumeClaimTemplates` field to provide stable storage using
[PersistentVolumes](/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes/) provisioned by a PersistentVolume
Provisioner. Make sure that a PersistentVolume with matching `storage class` 

> and sufficient available storage space already exists in the cluster. 

Reviewer: You don't need to make sure that the PV already exists; instead, you can set up your cluster so that claiming storage triggers automatic provisioning.

Author: That's great to know, thanks. I think it would help to explain that clearly on this page so I'll read up a bit on volume provisioning and then update the PR.

Author: Hi Tim,

I just pushed an update. What do you think? I think it's important to emphasize that the volume claim template field only creates a PVC and that you need to make sure it can be bound to an actual PV.

Reviewer: Seems OK.
